door dings creases and minor dents are
the most typical we fix let's talk about
the common door ding the Commodore day
is the size of a dollar coin or smaller
up to 1 inch in diameter depending on
the depth and location of the Dane the
average cost is between 80 to 120
multiple dings and panels are discounted
average repair time 20 to 60 minutes
difficulty two and a half out of five
stars medium dense range their
circumference of a golf ball to the
sides of a business card medium type
dents are also second most common behind
door dings the typical diameter is 2 to
5 inches long average cost is 150 and up
usual repair time is 45 to 90 minutes
difficulty three to three and a half
stars out of 5 creases are one of the
most challenging types of dense to
remove cost is 120 and up considered to
be complex average repair time is 30 to
90 minutes difficulty 4 out of 5 stars
and last we move on to the bigger and
deep decks that are about the size of a
hand or bigger depth and location plays
a big role extremely complex starting
cost is 200 NM average repaired time to
24 hours difficulty 5 out of 5 stars at
dents and dings we have hot deals or
lease returns and offer pension
discounts
need an estimate get a quick quote and
email us your photos just take a few
photos from two to three feet back at a
45-degree angle like so then email them
to fix your dense at gmail com